# edify101.github.io
to mentor, guide, motivate, support, and assist primarily low-income, hardworking, high-potential/achieving students, and their families, to go to college. Beginning in 7th (or 8th) grade, students will be assigned a HS, college-age, and/or recent grad to email/talk with them weekly (or more) up until their senior year of college about grades, homework, triumphs, struggles, peers, homelife, extracurriculars...  Students and their families will have access to a database of resources (Khan Academy, libraries, free SAT/ACT help, free online tutors, volunteering opportunities...), suggested pathways, courses, and mentors whom they can connect with based on language, ethnicity, gender, high school, college, industry, major, interests, hometown, or favorite sports team.

This summer, I worked with these kids in East Palo Alto, and that work has really resonated with me. Some of the students were so polite, passionate, and driven, they made me look forward to working with them, and at the end of their class, I wanted to give back to them. Even though some of their peers may have been off-task, they weren't, and I'm afraid that their peers may negatively affect them in high school and when they apply to colleges, so I want to stick with them, and make sure they stay on track. 

 I recently started this online, remote mentoring program for these 8th graders, and am looking for mentors. I imagine it as very simple, not time-consuming--just a weekly email check-up, talking about their classes, extracurriculars, home life, and helping them as they prepare for high school and beyond. This is what makes this program different from other programs--it's remote, it's very low-time-consuming (a NY Times article explained how a weekly text message can impact a low-income student. More info on that on www.edify101.org .) I'd also like to get their families involved, and maybe eventually help get them SAT/ACT prep books. 


You can check out the website, www.edify101.org for more information, and the  Google form for mentors is attached if you want to pass it on to any students.
